Now get out you're fired. No, but you know my my visa is not without a visa
You'll be sent back and have to leave your adoptive mom alone in the hospital
Not my problem, isn't it?
Just go find some sugar daddy to help you out
Hope I'm solved
Now get out
Mom leaves it to me to find you guys
Dad and brother will meet one day. Are you doing here? I'm a waitress here
Miss Murphy is way more generous than you guys
Miss Kerry Murphy. Yeah, she's my manager. There's no Miss Kerry Murphy
That billboard it's just a code that the outreach reps use
But um
If you're looking for a sugar daddy, I can help you out with that
But if I make over first
Come on, baby. Come here with me
We need to talk the dialogue and let the air situation today
What's the rush? You know my condition
I'm not able to have children unless
We were to find his own daughter lore
And then I could make her child my rightful heir
That right. It's been 10 years since you last saw her
Yes, well
She hadn't saved my life 10 years ago that I would have never been adopted by the former leader
And if the gangs hadn't attacked then I wouldn't have been separated from her in the first place
So yes
I will continue